Refactor image info (#1721)
py-pdf/fpdf2: CHANGELOG.md

* improved performance when rendering paths, SVGs, and opaque raster images with an alpha channel - _cf._ [PR #1675](https://github.com/py-pdf/fpdf2/pull/1675)
* typing annotations added across the codebase as part of the strict typing rollout
* graphics state snapshots now use a `GraphicsState` dataclass for clearer usage and stronger typing

> * image info now uses dataclasses and clearer field names for improved readability, maintainability, and typing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* graphics state snapshots now use a [`GraphicsState` dataclass](https://py-pdf.github.io/fpdf2/fpdf/graphics_state.html) for clearer usage and stronger typing
* [ImageInfo](https://py-pdf.github.io/fpdf2/fpdf/image_datastructures.html#fpdf.image_datastructures.ImageInfo) now uses dataclasses and clearer field names for improved readability, maintainability, and typing
```
